As the README.md sitting in the development branch will say, this project started as a means to solve a real-world problem. Unfortunately, software can only perform as well as its users, and it was determined that this was not going to be a very performant solution. Projects like this can really only be developed while in use, as ideas for features or the discovery of bugs to be fixed can really only come from active use, and I lack a dedicated QA team for that. As we no longer use this inventory for external reasons, this project is put on hold indefinitely. 

That being said, I am still quite proud of what I accomplished. Using the Rocket and Yew libraries, this served as an excellent "dive right in" project for learning Rust. The web-interface portion isn't beautiful by any means, but it is quite functional - and that was the main goal anyway. The SurrealDB database implementation is far from intricate, but it does the job of persisting data in a way that the Rocket server can access and expose. All-in-all, I'm very happy with the fruits of my labor, even if they didn't last very long.

If you want to see the most up-to-date version of the program, check out the development branch. It's 2 commits ahead, and includes a rather optimistic readme about the project and how to use it. The branches were never merged as this project fell out of use shortly after the last update and before I was confident enough to say there were no bugs or other small features I wanted to add before merging.
